Your task is to define a custom mutation function with the DEAP framework. This is because evolution in the tree is stagnating. Here is the current logbook of progress:

INSERT_LOGBOOK_HERE

The best solution currently found (in string form) is: INSERT_BEST_SOLUTION_HERE

Write a Python function called 'mutate_individual(individual, pset)' that returns a mutated version of the individual as a tuple (mutated_individual,). 
Include all necessary imports, including random.

Assume 'individual' is a DEAP creator.Individual representing a GP individual, and 'pset' is the DEAP PrimitiveSet used to generate it.

If needed, define a mutation probability 'indpb' (probability of mutating each node) inside the function. You may also define other parameters if needed and document them in comments.

The function should mutate nodes in the tree **safely**, respecting their type:
- Nodes can be Primitives (functions), Terminals (variables/constants), or Ephemeral constants.
- You may choose how to mutate each node type (e.g., replacing, modifying, or regenerating), but ensure the mutated individual is still valid in the DEAP GP context.

Avoid these common errors that arise during mutation design:
AttributeError: 'list' object has no attribute 'root'
AttributeError: 'list' object has no attribute 'searchSubtree'
AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'arity'
TypeError: object of type 'slice' has no len()
TypeError: 'slice' object is not subscriptable
list index out of range
ValueError: Invalid node replacement with a node of a different arity.

Do NOT import or reference any DEAP classes or methods that are not explicitly documented.
Do NOT create GP nodes manually. You can access nodes using pset.primitives or pset.terminals
Do NOT assume the existence of classes like EphemeralConstant, PrimitiveTree, or helper functions such as get_leaves.
The tree structure (prefix order and arity consistency) must remain valid.
Do not assume numeric operations on non-numeric nodes.

Always name the copy of the individual "mutated_individual". Use this name consistently in every line. Do not introduce typos or alternative spellings.
Return the mutated individual as: `(mutated_individual,)`. It must be of type gp.Individual. Do not return any other objects or text.
You have freedom to design the mutation strategy, as long as the resulting individual is valid and can be used with DEAP GP algorithms.
Generate Python code that can run immediately with DEAP, using proper imports and variable names. Ensure there are no undefined variables or typos. Check consistency of all variable names.

An example well-performing mutation method is given below:

INSERT_EXAMPLE_METHOD
        
Output ONLY valid Python code.
Do not include explanations, comments, markdown, or analysis.